Typo_Fixed_in_useField.md (#3978)
jaredpalmer/formik: docs/api/useField.md

title: useField()
---

> `useField` is a custom React hook that will automatically help you hook up inputs to Formik. You can and should use it to build your own custom input primitives. There are 2 ways to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useField` is a React hook that will help you thread Formik behaviors into arbitrary field components. You can use it to build your own custom input primitives. There are two ways to use it.
```
